About the Lab 2 file
After taking an introductory pentest course, decided to do some self study. I borrowed books from the library and started reading. Learnt alot just from few chapters of reading. 
I am banging my head, all my childhoold why I never picked up a book to read.
Anyways, recently came across a group of IT professionals who decided to help each other out and work towards a cybersec role. 
The group is lead by Noushad bhy and they have been practicing pentest tools on virtual machines for quite sometime now. 
They decided to move on to Active Directory as it is a mandatory/foundational knowledge every IT person should know.

So I joined the group when they moved their learning to AD. Noushad bhy suggested the lab which he had done 4-5 years ago before COVID and asked us to create and attempt the lab.
Alhumdulillah(All praises to one Almighty Lord) after 4 days of trying I was able to complete the two AD lab assignment.

Assignment had two parts 
WAN 1 with two AD server (primary and backup) and a client. If the primary fails, client should be able to connect to the internet via the backup server
WAN 2 with 1 server(domain joined) and a machine

I was able to complete the first part in couple of attempts(OS was giving an issue). However for the second part it took me several times. 

Issues I faced
On VMWare, but as soon as I was adding the client in WAN 2 , VMWare Network Adapter was breaking and after several attempts Noushad bhy suggested to do it on VirtualBox instead. 
Over there also I had to do several times, to address both NAT and router forwarding issue before I was able to solve it. 
All the machines were able to ping each other and browse the internet as well. Alhumdulillah(All praises to one Almighty Lord)

I have created the lab document with the help of Gemini after so many attempts/prompts finally able to compile even though there could be lot of gaps. 
I tried to think of all the troubleshooting, checks I had done during the lab and mention them in the document.
